set fp16 to false if bf16, update bf16: auto in example YAMLs (#1122)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: README.md

  ```yaml
  load_in_4bit: true
  load_in_8bit: true
  bf16: auto # require >=ampere, auto will detect if your GPU supports this and choose automatically.

>   fp16: # unset this value to use fp16 when bf16 is auto detected. set to false if you want to fallback to fp32

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fp16: # leave empty to use fp16 when bf16 is 'auto'. set to false if you want to fallback to fp32
```
